hey this is pressure Locker in this
video I'm going to predict your number
but to do so you will need a good
calculator to follow along this can be a
smartphone calculator a computer
calculator a scientific calculator or an
online calculator so to get started
pick a whole number between two and nine
and input it on a calculator now I want
you to raise your number to the power of
12 if you're using your smart phone
calculator you can turn your phone
sideways in landscape mode so the
calculator shows more functions
depending on your calculator there are
different buttons that you might need to
press you might need to press the carrot
button or you might need to press the
button labeled X to the power of Y so go
ahead and raise your number to the power
of 12 you will end up with a large
number we are going to make things even
Messier because I now want you to divide
the results by 13 now you'll end up with
a fractional number and don't worry
that's completely to be expected I want
you to look only at the fractional part
of this number in particular focus on
the third digit to the right of the
decimal mark now even though you pick
some number and you're far away I'm
going to try and channel the wavelength
of the number you're looking at yes I'm
getting a strong reading I'm going to
predict that your number is 6 did I
figure it out please like and share this
video if I predicted your number
correctly I would explain why this trick
works and I have a remarkable proof but
unfortunately I'm afraid the proof it's
too long to contain in the margin of
this
video thanks for watching this video
please subscribe to my channel I make
videos on Mac you can catch me on my
blog mind your decisions which you can
follow on Facebook Google+ and patreon
you can catch me on social media at
pressure Walker and if you liked this
video please check out my books there
are links in the video description